Types implementation (#149)
CohenArthur/jinko: DESIGN.md

### Simple type parsing

In order to keep the parsing simple, as much code as possible should be reused. At this
point, the parser is already around 1500 lines big, and that's big enough. Types

> declarations are similar to function declaration: They have a name, take arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
declarations are similar to function declarations: They have a name, take arguments.
```

> Type instantiation however are quite different. Let's examine a C custom types and an
> instantiation of it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Type instantiations, however are quite different. Let's examine a custom types in C and its
instantiation:
```

Reviewer: Sorry for nitpicking, it's just typos no worries

Thus, the following syntax should be adopted at first:

```rust
// This is similar to a function declaration, without a block and with a ``type`` instead of ``fn``
type CustomType(int_value: int, some_character: char, f: float);

// Let's create one

> let value = CustomType{ int_value = 4, some_character = 'J', f = 27.07 };

Reviewer: ```suggestion
value = CustomType{ int_value = 4, some_character = 'J', f = 27.07 };
```

```

> If your types get too big, then just like function defintions, multilines are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your types get too big, then just like function definitions, multilines are supported.
```

);
```

> The only differences between a function definition and a type definition is the keyword:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The only difference between a function definition and a type definition is the keyword:
```
